Update sensitivity-labels-teams-groups-sites.md (#767)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/compliance/sensitivity-labels-teams-groups-sites.md

![A sensitivity label displayed in the Word desktop app](media/sensitivity-label-word.png)

## Install the preview version of the Azure Active Directory PowerShell for Graph

These procedures require the preview version of the Azure Active Directory PowerShell for Graph. The GA version will not work.

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > You cannot install both the preview and GA versions on the same computer at the same time. You can install the module on Windows 10, Windows Server 2016.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> You cannot install both the preview and GA versions on the same computer at the same time. You can install the module on Windows 10 and Windows Server 2016.
```
Please confirm that this is correct.

> As a best practice, we recommend  *always*  staying current: uninstall the old AzureADPreview or old AzureAD version and get the latest one. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a best practice, we recommend  *always*  staying current; uninstall the old AzureADPreview or old AzureAD version and install the latest version. 
```

> 1. In your search bar, type Windows PowerShell.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the search bar, type Windows PowerShell.
```

    
2. Right-click on **Windows PowerShell** and select **Run as Administrator**.
    
    ![Open PowerShell as "Run as administrator."](../media/52517af8-c7b0-4c8f-b2f3-0f82f9d5ace1.png)
  

> 2. Check installed module:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Check which module is installed by running the following command:
```

    
    ```
    Get-InstalledModule -Name "AzureAD*"
    ```

> 3. To uninstall a previous version of AzureADPreview or AzureAD, run this command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. To uninstall a previous version of AzureADPreview or AzureAD, run the following command:
```

  
    ```
    Uninstall-Module AzureADPreview
    ```

    or
  
    ```
    Uninstall-Module AzureAD
    ```

> 4. To install the latest version of AzureADPreview, run this command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. To install the latest version of AzureADPreview, run the following command:
```

  
    ```
    Install-Module AzureADPreview
    ```

>     At the message about an untrusted repository, type **Y**. It will take a minute or so for the new module to install.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    At the message about an untrusted repository, type **Y**. It will take approximately one minute for the new module to install.
```
